When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
A remote is particularly useful for accessing your work from another computer, or if 
you are collaborating. It allows you to merge your local changes, in addition to pulling
the changes others have made into your local directory.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically 
stay up-to-date with your remote repository?
The work in the remote repository may not be something which you yourself are currently
working on, but rather a collaboration - so you do not need it accessible locally. 
Additionally, there may be a lot that needs to be synced all of a sudden when you do not
need access to everything that has been changed. This could take up a lot of extra time
and data.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one 
instead of another?
A branch is a new version of the thing you were working on. Usually used to try out
something new while still having a master branch with a working version of the project.
A clone is what it sounds like - an identical copy of an entire repository. The pull 
and push commands work on branches, not entire repositories (unless your repository 
only has one branch). A fork is a clone but done on GitHub from one user to another,
allowing them to edit the repository of someone else without actually changing the 
original repository. The amount of times it has been forked is kept track of, though.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored 
locally?
If you're going offline, then you have all the information from the last commit on
GitHub, and can be working on it in your own time. Also, it may be useful to inspect 
changes that have been made to the repository, without actually incorporating any of
those changes into the branches you are working on.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what 
would be harder?
Without GitHub, every merge would be manual, so that would certainly be more difficult.
However, it would require more discussion amongst collaborators, which would probably
be quite useful and avoid some mistakes. It also means arbirary changes, like going
from "canols" to "canola" wouldn't require such a circus.